Update zha.markdown to answer repeated question about supported devices (#14959)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

## Troubleshooting

To help resolve any kinks or compatibility problems by reporting bugs as issues with debug logs. Please follow the instructions in this troubleshooting section.

### Knowing which devices are supported

> There is no official compatibility list of supported devices for the simple reason that practically all devices Zigbee Home Automation that are fully compliant with the standards and specifications as set by the [Zigbee Alliance](https://zigbeealliance.org) the should technically be compatible with this ZHA integration. The fact however remains that some hardware manufacturers does not always fully comply with each set specification which can cause a few devices to only partily work or not work at all with ZHA, but developers can create workarounds for such issues via a solution for 'ZHA exception and deviation handling' that this implementation features, please see that section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no official compatibility list of supported devices for the simple reason that practically all devices Zigbee Home Automation that are fully compliant with the standards and specifications as set by the [Zigbee Alliance](https://zigbeealliance.org) the should technically be compatible with this ZHA integration. The fact however remains that some hardware manufacturers do not always fully comply with each set specification which can cause a few devices to only partially work or not work at all with ZHA, but developers can create workarounds for such issues via a solution for 'ZHA exception and deviation handling' that this implementation features, please see that section for more information.
```
